oh it's amazing this is a version which
is purely to be lion proof they've got
no sharp corners they can't get all of
it it's all rounded off underneath so
they really cannot get that stuff you
know if they try and pull it it won't go
over the lens is set back purposefully
quite a long way so that the Lions don't
get in there neither because they've got
a rather a big face so this is mr. lion
version of Duncan it enables us to just
trundle up very slowly to them and then
just creep around and get really
intimate with the Cubs we get it really
close er lowdown angles when they first
see it the mum will come first and
she'll sniff it and the Cubs are
watching and then the Cubs will come
over and sniff around but they don't
recognize it as skin or meat so they'll
just then sort of walk away again and
sometimes they'll lie down right in
front of it and it's just a unique way
of capturing intimate behavior relax is
anything hmm well when they've got used
to it it means we can be more playful
with the machine we can actually move it
closer and closer and track with it
track along the side of the group and
they they accept it very willingly and
it's not any threat so of course it
gives us a big advantage in getting a
camera inches away from a lion and
that's what these devices do
[Music]